---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "30 May 2020"
subtitle: ""
summary: ""
authors: []
tags: []
categories: []
date: 2020-05-30T16:45:42+02:00
lastmod: 2020-05-30T16:45:42+02:00
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
---

All night was spent trying to sabotage my sleep
with noxious noise payloads delivered to my skull and ears at
regular intervals. I was awaken at the ridiculous time of 5:30 am
by fully psychotic Portuguese individuals with an ABSOLUTE
RESOLUTION AND DETERMINATION IN FORCING GENITAL SELF-MUTILATION by
forcing me to feel my perineum being stabbed repeatedly in order to
wake me up (followed by all you see below - a continuous stream of
noxious payloads focused on my genitals, anus and ears for several
hours every single minute along with being forced to hear noxious
vocal payloads in a aggressive psychotic tone focused on my ears
and even synthesized upon my own biting actions to FORCE THE ENTRY
INTO AND MAINTAIN A PSYCHOTIC STATE OF MIND) and with barely no
sleep by individuals associated with the Portuguese Police and
former students of Colégio Militar who have been torturing me and
my family continuously for the past 5 years and intermittently for
nearly 30 years. I can distinctly hear the tone of voice of a truly
idiotic and fascist psychotic Portuguese individual who
<strong>DEMANDS</strong> in his childish tone of voice, and in
utter arrogance and lack of empathy, <strong>"ELE TEM QUE
CHORAR"</strong> meaning <strong>"HE HAS TO CRY"</strong> after 5
years of attempting to force me to mutilate my tongue, ears and
genitals, sodomizing me on a daily basis multiple times a day,
playing with my mothers vagina, and putting my father in a hospital
with a prosthesis in his arm for the rest of his life. <strong>This
form of dissimulated attempted murder and induction of tongue and
genital self-mutilation performed in front of a large audience and
hidden behind the excuse of "forcing me to cry at any cost" or as a
"school humiliation" which started when I was still working at Quby
in 2016 and led to me mutilating my genitals and anus with a
screwdriver after continued torture for 5 years a few days ago, has
resorted to methodology as filthy as forcing me to hit myself in
the head so hard blood cloths formed in my eyes and attempting to
force me to jump out of a window or rooftop in front of my family
and loved ones along with Amsterdam being filled with graffiti with
the word "CRY" by these same group of individuals and forcing my
genitalia to feel like it is vibrating at high frequency to the
point one wishes to commit immediate genital self-mutilation just
to get rid of the nuisance bypassing all cognitive
functions.</strong> This is now followed by the same type of
noxious stimuli as yesterday delivered to the testicles, penis and
perineum. This is now followed by an individual who speaks like
Portuguese drug addict in a mocking tone "Achas que o gajo vai me
matar por fazer isto á familia dele?" meaning "Do you think this
guy will kill me for doing this to his family?" as a poisonous
payload crafted to induce feelings of anger and rage, forcing me
into a psychotic episode. This is now followed by noxious payloads
delivered to my groin and anus in a display of arrogance and
content. This is now followed by attempt to force involuntary
tongue movements that might lead to tongue self-mutilation paired
with noxious stimuli delivered to my anus to guarantee that
outcome. This is now followed by further noxious stimuli delivered
to my genitals to try to create a cumulative effect and force a
genital self-mutilation outcome. Since I woke up I continuously
hear the names "Reguila", "Sofia", "Diana", "Soraia", "Cátia",
"Inês" and "Cristina" being spoken (none of which is a name of
anyone I know or am close to, so it was possibly as a way to
deflect attention to non-existing people to force me to write down
random names or possibly referring to Inês Calixto and other people
from PSP, or perhaps someone else I don't know instead). This is
now followed by more noxious payloads delivered to my anus and
attempts to force me to mutilate my tongue by inducing involuntary
tongue movements followed by more noxious stimuli delivered to my
anus as a form of content for me, my family and the judicial
system. <strong>This was then followed by the sonic payload of a
psychotic male kiss (which has been repeated for several days if
not weeks now all day long), probably directed as an insult
insinuating I'm a homosexual for opposing the discrimination of
homosexuality in Colégio Militar in a conversation with Kasper
Meilgaard around 2013 when Luis Nazareth Carvalho Figueira, Tito
Eurico Miranda Fernandes and many more Portuguese police agents and
former students of Colégio Militar decided to torture me issuing
sentences such as "I'm going to give you a vagina" and "This is for
you to learn not to be a smart ass".</strong> As you can see by the
commit times, I am tortured incessantly non-stop every single
minute I am awake since 2016 to force a tongue and genital
self-mutilation outcome leading me to smoke cigarette after
cigarette and progressively develop lung cancer when I was just
about to quit smoking when the 24h/day torture process started with
me often feeling like vomiting from smoking so much. As I write
this I am forced to hear another sonic payload of a psychotic male
kiss as a form of disdain and content with a further train of
noxious stimuli delivered to my testicles and perineum in an
attempt to force a synthetic psychotic episode that might lead to
genital self-mutilation. Now in what seems like an attempt to
prolong this grotesque form of torture I hear some debate regarding
the consequences of doing this to me as soon as I wake up in an
attempt to proceed with the induction of self-mutilation process
with a schedule change. As the torture process ensues I overheard
the phrase "Vai-te foder" meaning "Fuck you" as a reply to someone
complaining to what is being done to me, demonstrating complete
lack of empathy and disregard for me, my family and the judicial
system. One of these individuals once went as far as stating she
started to laugh every time she passed a judicial court of law.
This is now followed by synthesized vocal payloads of
incomprehensible verbal nonsense spoken in a very fast and
aggressive tone bordering the psychotic in order to force me into a
psychotic state via behavior contagion. This process was described
whilst I worked at Quby as the <strong>"Human White Trash
Project"</strong> or the <strong>"Nazi Experiment"</strong> by
former colleagues who left the company due to this sick games being
played by people in the office premises, and in Portugal by former
acquaintances who refered to the location where this happens as
<strong>"A masmorra"</strong> or <strong>"Casa dos
degredos"</strong>. More genital noxious payloads being delivered
along with the sentence "Tem cuidado com o que fazes", meaning "be
careful with what you are doing" directed at one of the individuals
torturing me. This phrase has been repeated over and over again
throughout the years, implying a high level of complicity amongst
the individuals involved and a strong desire to provide help and
assistance in order for this show of human degradation and forced
self-mutilation to proceed allowing them to achieve their sinister
and foul objectives without legal action ever being taken against
them. Further partial and repeated noxious vocal payloads designed
to force tongue self-mutilation with the sentence "Não te metas com
psicopatas" meaning "Don't mess with psychopaths" implying the
individual saying this sees himself as one and is proud of that
fact, along with more noxious payloads delivered to my genitals and
testicles repeatedly incessantly with very small intervals between
them cadenced at the rhythm I start and stop writing in this
torture log to force me into a psychotic state that might lead to
the intended result of genital self-mutilation since the
individuals assume they will never be trialled in a court of law
and consequently have total disregard for the rule of law as a
whole. More noxious payloads delivered to my anus as I was about to
leave my home to get a coffee in order to force me to stay at home
typing entries in this log repeatedly at an ever increasing rate
until I enter a psychotic state and commit some form of genital
self-mutilation or suicide. This methodology has been repeated
every single day, every single time I attempt to go outside in the
past few weeks. And now once again a new noxious payload was
delivered to my anus to force me to feel sodomized as I prepared to
go up the stairs to have a coffee to force the result described in
the previous sentence. Now I overheard the sentence <strong>"O que
é que este caralho escreve para foder esta merda a toda a
gente"</strong> implying there are several individuals involved
with an insatiable appetite for satisfying their sadistic and foul
goals along with surprise and content for having the torture
process interrupted. More noxious payloads delivered to my
testicles to force me to type entries in the log at an ever faster
rate instead of allowing me to go outside and have a coffee in an
attempt to introduce cumulative psychological effects that might
result in the genital self-mutilation outcome they so desire. These
noxious genital payloads delivered to my testicles are now being
repeatedly delivered at an incessant rate in an act of provocation
and self-emasculation to force genital self-mutilation resorting to
the cumulative effects of the previous payloads to force entry in a
psychotic state. New payloads delivered to my testicles to force a
genital self-mutilation outcome. Clearly there seems to be a
serious need for daily psychiatric appointments and forceful
commitment to a mental institution for an indefinite period of time
for these individuals. More payloads are being delivered once again
to force self-mutilation of my testicles and genital area. Further
payloads being delivered to force the psychotic state desired.
<strong>AS SOON AS I START/STOP TYPING A NEW PAYLOAD IS DELIVERED
TO MY GENITALS TO FORCE ME TO STAY AT HOME TYPING ENTRIES INTO THIS
LOG AT AN EVER INCRISINGLY FASTER RATE INSTEAD OF GOING OUTSIDE IN
ORDER TO GET ME IN A PSYCHOTIC MENTAL STATE THAT CULMINATES IN THE
GENITAL SELF MUTILATION THEY SO DESIRE. THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON
EVERY SINGLE MINUTE FOR NEARLY 3 HOURS NOW.</strong> Now I've been
force to feel the sonic payload of a kiss (which has been repeated
at least some 20-30 times just in these 3 hours) so amplified and
focused (on my skull and inner ears) I feel like breaking things.
This was followed by noxious payloads to my right ear - like a high
frequency synthetic itch always focused on a area so deep I can
never scratch it. Further noxious oscillatory payloads delivered to
my ears to make me feel like I am being skull fucked, completely
polluting my nervous system to the point I can't maintain motor
coordination. Now I overheard the phrase "Vaita foder ó Hugo"
meaning "Fuck you Hugo" paired with further noxious payloads
focused on my ears to make me feel like I'm being skull fucked and
noxious payloads delivered to my genitals. Now I overheard the
phrase "Eu não acredito que ... fodeu esta merda ao pessoal todo".
Synthesized vocal payloads delivered upon ambient noise impulses
(in this case water flowing, and in other cases the mechanical
sounds inside a tram). It's obvious these payloads are synthesized
since their speed also varies according to the frequency of the
environment noise resulting in a mechanical vocal tone with varying
pitch and speed that often terminates in the middle of a word or
sentence. Further noxious payloads delivered to my anus repeatedly
followed by noxious genital payloads of low amplitude focused on my
testicles repeated incessantly several times per minute since I
woke up to create a cumulative effect towards a psychotic episode
that seems to have only one accepted ending - more genital
self-mutilation repeated over and over again. Everyday I overhear
sonic payloads referencing the nickname "Rato", sadly it's a common
nickname in Portugal and I'm aware of the existence of several that
go by that nickname - one is a friend of Gonçalo Bandeira Duarte
and the others are former students from Colégio Militar from my
generation. After an hour I managed to go outside by ignoring the
noxious stimuli delivered to my genitals as I was walking out of
the door. As I returned more noxious genital payloads of low
amplitude were focused on my testicles along with other payloads
focused on the ears to create a cumulative effect that should
culminate in a psychotic episode. After a long period of attempting
to resist a series of noxious payloads delivered to my genitals and
ears, hyperhidrosis was again induced and a continuous payload was
applied to my genitals in order to force the start of the process
of sliding into a psychotic episode and typing torture entries
non-stop at an ever increasing rate whilst I was forced to hear the
phrase in Portuguese "Para ficar o dia todo a fazer queixas e nunca
conseguir provar nada" meaning "so he stays all day at home
complaining and never manages to prove anything". Finishing typing
the previous sentence resulted in a new noxious payload applied to
my genitals and as soon as I stop typing this sentence a new
payload will ensue trying to guarantee a genital self-mutilation
outcome via the incessant delivery of intermittent noxious payloads
to create a cumulative psychological effect that results in a
forced and maintained synthetic psychosis. Insistence in forcing me
to feel oscillatory payloads focused on my ears simulating coitus
to give me the feeling I am being skull fucked. I also keep hearing
the phrase "amigo do Marcelo Lima" being synthesized over and over
again when I listen to the song "somewhere over the rainbow" spoken
with a Brazilian accent in what seems like an attempt to turn me
against Brazilian people. Now I overheard the sentence "Foda-se,
caralho para o gajo" in a female tone of voice as noxious payloads
were being delivered to my left ear followed by the feeling of
being whipped in the left ear by a high amplitude burst. We have
now entered the phase of incessantly pairing noxious genital
payloads focused on my groin and testicles with nonsense vocal
payloads focused on my ears in order to divert attention and/or
increase impact. It's now been around 6h20m of continuous torture
being delivered to my genitalia in order to force a synthetic
psychotic episode that culminates in an act of genital
self-mutilation. Only 13 or 14 more hours of genital torture and
forced sodomy today if I'm lucky ;) As I continue typing and more
continuous noxious payloads are delivered to my genitals I hear
another vocal payload "Tou fodido com este gajo" followed by
feeling a synthetic chronic pain inside my left ear drum as an
illegal sentence for writing this. Now I hear vocal payload in a
female tone of voice focused on my ears "Tenho um problema com este
filha da puta para o resto da minha vida?" followed by what sounded
like someone spitting. Typing the previous led to attempts to
induce involuntary tongue movements that might lead to tongue
mutilation paired with noxious genital payloads to maximize impact
and create a cumulative effect. I'm going to try to avoid typing
torture entries since it's been nearly 7 hours since I woke up and
I haven't done anything else yet since these individuals capitalize
on every opportunity to emasculate themselves with the degradation
of the SUT. I tried to distract myself and get some food as noxious
payloads continued being repeatedly delivered to my ears (mostly
left), genitals and anus with a low amplitude. That was followed by
attempts to force me to talk to myself in front of a large audience
by forcing me to hear synthesized questions containing generic
concepts I was thinking about or expressed in the past placed in a
random sentence in an attempt to force me to think that was my own
thought followed by the usual question "o que é que isso significa
?" to force me to answer via NFCC, leading me to talk to myself in
the middle of the street. A continuous stream of noxious stimuli is
now applied in an alternate fashion in to my genitals with a low
amplitude oscillatory pattern paired with feeling needle pinches in
my left ear. This is done in order to maximize time spent
complaining about the torture procedure, feeling forcefully
isolated and depriving me of my life and my choices in order to
force a synthetic psychotic episode that might have the desired
outcome, self-mutilation or suicide. Once again I tried to avoid
adding entries to the log whilst I received low amplitude noxious
stimuli focused on my genitals, but the individuals torturing
insist on this outcome so they increased the amplitude until I
started writing to the log again in order to force the process of
entry into a psychotic episodic, as soon as I stop writing new
payloads are delivered in an attempt to transform this into an
infinite process with shorter and shorter intervals between the
noxious stimuli paired with a noise payload delivered to the left
ear specifically crafted to induce psychosis with a base theme of
genital self-mutilation as always. Followed by an attempt to induce
an emotional response with the repeated phrase "Este gajo nunca vai
perceber o que isto quer dizer?". This is now followed by induced
hyperhidrosis and being forced to feel the palms of my hands and
feet "vibrating" along with noxious payloads being delivered to my
left ear and testicles with an interval of every 30 seconds
approximately. I've been outside cycling and trying to distract
myself by playing the ukulele. During this whole time noxious
oscillatory payloads were delivered at a near constant rate to my
ears and skull along with vocal payloads provided by several people
(most with a full on psychotic tone of voice or sounding like drug
addicts) in an attempt to force me to talk to myself in front of a
large number of people with the same questions every single time
"what does that signify?" and "what does that mean?" after being
forced to hear a synthesized random phrase containing some general
unverbalized concepts that crossed my mind at some point and put
together to fetch an emotional response maximizing the odds of
continuing the "forced conversation" if you can even call it that.
All day several dozens of sonic payloads of a kiss were distorted,
amplified and focused on my skull and ears, feeling like a whip
being delivered to my ears and skull, and some other times feeling
like a shock wave being focused on my skull to force me into a
psychotic episode. This is followed by the phrase "olha outro"
combined with low amplitude payloads focused on my genitalia which
was then followed by noxious stimuli being focused on my right ear,
a process that has been repeated so many times everyday throughout
the last few months that my ears were raw/bloody inside from being
forced to scratch them so often. Noise payload of increasing
amplitude focused on my inner ears and paired with vocal payloads
in order to start the process of adding torture entries to the log
paired with noxious payloads delivered to my genitals
intermittently. It seems obvious noxious payloads will be focused
on my genitals, anus, skull and left ear all night (just like
yesterday) in an alternate fashion to force me to stay in front of
the computer all night complaining at an increasing rate until I
enter a psychotic state (and mutilate my genitals as desired) as
the payloads are delivered as always and I'm exhausted of adding
torture entries to this log all day.
